

1.  Code Issue: from selenium import WebDriver

    Problem Explained:
    The code imports from the Selenium library, but there is no usage of Selenium in this code snippet. 
    Only Playwright is used for UI automation here.

    Fix:
    Remove the unused Selenium import.



2.  Code Issue: time.sleep()

    Problem Explained:
    It is bad practice to use sleep in UI automation tests. 
    This leads to flaky tests.
    If the page takes longer than the sleep duration, the test fails because elements are not ready. 
    And if the page loads faster, the test wastes time waiting unnecessarily.

    Fix:
    In Selenium: The best practice is to use Explicit Waits instead (often combined with a short Implicit Wait).
    In Playwright (as i understand): There is built-in auto-waiting for every action. 
    Playwright automatically waits for elements to be visible and actionable before proceeding.
    So The sleep line can be removed in PlayWright . 


3.   Code Issue: results = page.locator(".result-item")

     Problem Explained:
     The code captures a locator but does nothing with the result list. 
     It isn't used for further interactions, and it  is not asserted. 
     Basicly, the test performs an action but doesn't verify the outcome, meaning it doesn't actually "test" anything.

     Fix:
     Add an assertion to verify that results were returned (e.g., expect(results).to_have_count(n)).
     Alternatively, use the results collection to perform further actions before asserting the final state.
     Or just delete the test;



4.   Code Issue: browser.close()

     Problem Explained:
     If this test has an exception, the method will exit prematurely and the browser.close() line will never be reached. 
     This leaves the browser WebDriver process running in the background, consuming system resources.

     Fix:
     In Java, we use a try...finally block.
     In The finally block we will write the resource that must be closed regardless  if the test passed, failed, or was interrupted.
  

     WebDriver driver = null;
     try {
         driver = new ChromeDriver();
         // test steps 
     } finally {
         if (driver != null) {
             driver.quit();
         }
     }
     Note: In automation frameworks, we typically use more sophisticated mechanisms  to handle the driver lifecycle automatically.